John is leaving I'm leading Sarah a
little under a year ago John and I got
an office and shared the office but he's
no longer with me and Aaron it's true my
to get my own space because up to so if
we know exciting stuff I teased this
recently that we were getting a new
space but we actually decided instead of
splitting two rooms in half to each of
us just have one dope studio that we can
make our own right uh same building same
building right next to each other what's
the saying that Napoleon did a
conquering yeah there's a conquer and or
something on conquer Brava and conquer
oh the same divide and conquer we're
dividing and conquering this is amazing
to have also an area to stash on my itch
look at that so it doesn't look so
stupid scattered in the room of the room
before this is hard it especially good
we have such different visions of what
we want our place to look like
we don't want to ruin that just looks
like a frickin carnival yeah - what I
was I heard this fly maybe junior or
someone I feel like if it was up to us
we would like only hang out with each
other 24/7 being separated for a little
bit might actually be okay it might it
might be really fast I know Bob floor
yeah - your floor and then we can decide
you need to just come crash lot this is
post melon so it's time to show you guys
what a half-empty messy office looks
like downstairs in the og office but now
it's just for the peach so a little look
at the sad office today starts a very
big mission of turning this into my
dream office Cody's here right now and
hiring him for the day to do all of the
things because I don't want to do these
because I was having manlius gosh I
think she was like John do you know like
getting you manly guys in New York City
probably the Cody dude here's the home
even I'm literally gonna kick his butt
hole whoa dude yeah no games are being
played today bro he's gonna paint the
walls move these shelves maybe put some
blinds up but it's gonna be a long day
[Music]
update the wall is white this follows
next bird poop deterrent is right now so
I have a problem where birds will perch
themselves and poop on the AC
conditioner which is not good you don't
want to breathe in bird poo no it's
gross so these are something that I'm
putting on top of my air conditioning on
my window seals to where the birds won't
be able to land their spikes on AC unit
whew no birdies coming my way
nah
[Music]
I couldn't think of any other way to
like cover up this ugliness so I hope
this works up Oh millimeters parkour Oh
No robbers are getting in today we did
it Sarah it looks so good now the next
step in yep keep my eye it is to further
disguise the ugliness of these windows
with shades
[Music]
oh my gosh guys we've figured it out
beautiful one more and then like we put
the wood here so I'm gonna color that to
match the white a little bit better but
that looks so much better so and then
Cody's up there just hittin dim shale
[Music]
yeah sit down man guys it's midnight
first of all yes look at this oh maybe
this product of my creation we got a
huge white wall we got shelving so the
thinking with that we got a shout out to
Jeannie
I asked her about how I should remodel
stuff and the first thing she says is
your shells are so ugly the moment a
person walks in the door the first thing
they see are the shells with all your
crap on him it was like and there's such
a pain to put up yes so I was like
there's no way I'm gonna take them down
and then put them back up so and we
thought this is gonna be about eight
hours yeah got started at 10:00 now
midnight yeah I was like Cody I need
like eight hours from yeah although we
did eat there was some breaks yes
our breaks thank you you got it
there links are in the description below
just every time you see these walls
subscribe to me it's not just the links
and compensating for your time being a
nice human but yeah looks great alright
so phase one is done smash that
subscribe button a notification button
because I might be continuing this
tomorrow with another video let's just
get another series going thanks so much
for tuning in
make sure to check out a podcast it's a
Monday which means every Monday there's
new podcast KBG okay baby
[Music]